It won't be long before I leave you.
I like you.
Let me listen to what you say when you go back
I went back and thought about it for a long time.
I admit, at first I didn't want you to leave because of you.
But then when I went to find you,
Just because you are starting from yourself.
in other words,
I'm not just guilty of you,
It’s not that it’s not long.
I like you.
I admit that at my age, it is indeed a bowl.
But I am clear. We'll meet there.
So tonight,
You sleep with me. I'll go ahead and say it.
I. What? There are so many combinations.
Passed. I finally got to me.
There are so many combinations.
I finally got to me. There are so many combinations.
then a murderer
Don't miss him
Of course it’s not a kind of capital.